So that's nice.
Of course, there are missing functionalities, for example, we don't have to upload, we don't display
the image of the sender or the user name of the sender here next to our messages.
But before we dive into any of that, let's actually see whether this works and if two devices, two
simulators can talk to each other for dead all around us on issues here.
I'll stop this process here.
An entirely rerun it on Android once so that this new latest version is installed on Android so that
when I kill it the next time I can still started on the device.
Otherwise, I would have started an older state of the app, which of course I don't want.
So now with this running, I can kill this again, but now I can launch it for the after.
And get the latest state.
And now I will launch it on Aiwass now to launch on IWG.
I'll bring up that status, bar individuals to do code and click here on my emulator down there and
start the simulator.
Alternatively, you can simply start at through Xcode.
So that now this simulator is booting up.
And with that booted all run Flattr on that, since it's Selecter down there, when I run the flood
wrap, it will run on this device.
So now does this building the app for us and will launch it there?
And since this is the first time I'm running it, it's also doing all the initial set up, all the packages
I added to the app and so on.
So this can take a bit longer.
And what you might observe here is that it basically gets stuck and it shows this strange error.
Configuring the default firebase app first through called Stack, if you're getting this, can simply
cancel this launch process on issues and simply make sure that you open this project, the folder there
through X code and then here click on Runner.
Right.
Click on it.
And choose add files to runner.
And now here, choose this Google service info list file again, which we downloaded and stored in this
folder earlier, click, add and added through Xcode like this, it's still in the same location, but
this makes Xcode aware of it, so to say.
So once you did that, you can try running this app again, so again, go to run, make sure you selected
the iPhone or whatever simulator you are using and launched you flutter app again.
And now this time it should work.
So let's wait again.
So now I get this app up and running here and I'll simply create a new account here, test to at test
dotcom.
With a different username.
And my password and I click sign up to create this user.
Now here I see all the messages are not by me.
This makes sense.
And if I send a message here, this is a test from the other device.
And user.
If I sent this message here.
You see the fear here and you see it up here on the left.
So this now works.
From this user, on the other hand, of course, also shows up on the right device, but here it shows
up as if it's not from this user because it isn't because I'm working on two different users on those
two devices.
So that is pretty amazing.
This works pretty well.
And we can see that the app works on both devices and that we're able to chat.
Now, needless to say, of course, the other functionalities like logout and so on also still should
work.
Let's just test the real quick for completeness sake.
Yeah, looks good to me.
So if we get this basic chat functionality going on, but right now it's hard to tell from whom a message
is coming.
It would be better if we could also see the user name, at least of the user who wrote a message, maybe
like a fat title above the actual message that tells us who the user is that wrote this message.
This is what we're going to add next.